### Vitis Acceleration Platforms and Tool flow:
1. Select the options that are required to accelerate system performance _________. (Select all that apply) 
    - Data transfer throughput
    - Compute intensive function
    - Reduce CPU idle time
    - Maximize kernel utilization

2. What determines the maximum achievable throughput?
    - PCIe interface
    - Accelerated kernel function performance
    - Host code performance
    - All of the above


### Getting Started with Alveo Card : Installation and Configuration

1. Select the software packages required to develop and deploy an Alveo accelerator card for on-premises.
    - XRT, Deployment Target Platform, Vitis Environment
    - XRT, Development Target Platform, Vitis Environment
    - XRT, Deployment Target Platform, Development Target Platform, Vitis Environment
    - Deployment Target Platform, Development Target Platform, Vitis Environment

### Vitis Command Line Flow
1. The Profile Summary and Timeline Trace reports are generated by default, when the v++ command line is used.
    - True
    - False
2. The xrt.ini file is used to control parameters when specifying __________.(Select all that apply)
    - Debug options
    - Runtime options
    - Emulation options
    - None of the above

### Vitis HLS : C++ kernel optimization
1. What is the maximum data size that can be used to optimize interface performance between kernel and global memory?
    - 1024 bits
    - 512 bits
    - 256 bits
    - 128 bits

2. What techniques come under Optimizing Computational Parallelism?
    - Using Burst Data Transfers
    - Coding Data Parallelism
    - Task Parallelism
    - Using Full AXI Data Width
    - Array Partition
    - Loop Parallelism

### Optimization Methodology
1. Arrange in the correct order the steps for architecting an application in order to maximize optimization.
    - Identify functions to accelerate
    - Identify software application parallelization needs
    - Identify device parallelization needs
    - Establish a baseline application performance and establish goals

### Host Code Optimization                
1. Why does Xilinx recommend using the clEnqueueTask API to execute the kernel?
    - Reduces the overhead of kernel enqueing
    - XRT supports only clEnqueueTask
    - Allows setting the global size and local size
    - All of the above
2. In order to overlap data transfers with kernel computation, use _____________.(Select all that apply)
    - An out-of-order command queue
    - The clEnqueueMigrateMemObjects API
    - An in-order command queue
    - Additional buffers 

### Profiling: Vitis Design Analyzer
1. The Profile Summary report contains ________.
    - Only host performance
    - Only kernel performance'
    - Both host and kernel performance 
    - None of the above

2. Which report will be useful to verify kernel performance? (Select all that apply)
    - System Estimate report
    - HLS report
    - Waveform
    - Profile Summary report













